# Parte_de_Obra
PyQgis plugin for importing and editing geotagged photographs Qgis plugin under the QtDesigner graphic platform and programmed in Python, developed to record field inspections with georeferenced photos. It covers common jobs in consulting and construction, as well as other professional activities in which it is necessary to carry out a field inspection and record commented photographs. Also extendable to taking field tests, adding an additional field of technical reports, in which it is essential to have at least one georeferenced field photo. It will allow the registration of a photograph in UTM coordinates with added attributes for its characterization. The image record will contain x coordinates and EPSG coordinate system: 4326 WGS 84, with its image attributes already incorporated and additionally an identification code, the activity description field, the date, the Boolean type incident field and the report type field. Boolean indicating whether the photo is incorporated into a report or not. Through a prior intersection procedure, the traceability of the element will be added, that is, the place in space characterized by the user, which even allows a zone filter for all photographs. The inspector will take your photographs in the field with the GPS location of the smartphone or active digital camera. This application is a little help in office work. With the appropriate tools and in a few steps, you can associate the image's plant location with a map that you can see in real time, incorporate the data that characterizes the image with a form and finally print a report to present the inspection report or the daily report of the work in question.
